packages/react-icons/README.md, before:

@fluentui/react-icons
===

(Note: For those who were consuming `@fluentui/react-icons` v 0.x, we are releasing a new set of icons under `@fluentui/react-icons` v 1.x. You can still use 0.x version for the old icons, but if you major bump to 1.x, you will be using the new icons. The Fabric MDL2 SVG Icon set that is released with v 0.x has been rereleased in `@fluentui/react-icons-mdl2`.)

Fluent System Icons are a collection of familiar, friendly, and modern icons from Microsoft.

User story
---

`@fluentui/react-icons` are SVG based icons wrapped in a React element. Because each icon is its own element, you only need to import what you need for your application. 

There are different sizes of each icon, as well as `Filled` and `Regular` versions of each icon, so you can choose what works best for your application.

There are also helpful interfaces that will allow you to add styling to fit the icons to your specific application, as well as add aria properties to increase the accessibility of the icons.

User flows
---
In order to use these icons, simply import them as `import { [Componentname][size][state] } from @fluentui/react-icons` as follows:

```tsx
import { AccessTime24Filled } from "@fluentui/react-icons";
```
You can also style the icons using the `IFluentIconsProps`interface and wrap the icon in a container using the `wrapIcon` method. You can then pass containter props like `aria-label` along with the regular `IFluentIconsProps`

```tsx
import * as React from "react";
import * as ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import { AccessTime24Filled, wrapIcon } from "@fluentui/react-icons";

const iconStyleProps: IFluentIconsProps = {
    primaryFill: "purple",
    className: "iconClass"
};
const WrappedAccessTime24Filled = wrapIcon(<AccessTime24Filled />);
const rootElement = document.getElementById("root");
ReactDOM.render(
    <div>
        <AccessTime24Filled iconProps={...iconStyleProps}  />
        <WrappedAccessTime24Filled iconProps={...iconStyleProps} aria-label="AccessTime24"/>
    </div>, 
    rootElement
    )
```

## Appendix and FAQ

:::info
**Find this document incomplete?** Leave a comment!
:::

###### tags: `Templates` `Documentation`

Commit message:

update README with instructions on generating icon webpage

packages/react-icons/README.md, after:

@fluentui/react-icons
===

(Note: For those who were consuming `@fluentui/react-icons` v 0.x, we are releasing a new set of icons under `@fluentui/react-icons` v 1.x. You can still use 0.x version for the old icons, but if you major bump to 1.x, you will be using the new icons. The Fabric MDL2 SVG Icon set that is released with v 0.x has been rereleased in `@fluentui/react-icons-mdl2`.)

Fluent System Icons are a collection of familiar, friendly, and modern icons from Microsoft.

User story
---

`@fluentui/react-icons` are SVG based icons wrapped in a React element. Because each icon is its own element, you only need to import what you need for your application. 

There are different sizes of each icon, as well as `Filled` and `Regular` versions of each icon, so you can choose what works best for your application.

There are also helpful interfaces that will allow you to add styling to fit the icons to your specific application, as well as add aria properties to increase the accessibility of the icons.

User flows
---
In order to use these icons, simply import them as `import { [Componentname][size][state] } from @fluentui/react-icons` as follows:

```tsx
import { AccessTime24Filled } from "@fluentui/react-icons";
```
You can also style the icons using the `IFluentIconsProps`interface and wrap the icon in a container using the `wrapIcon` method. You can then pass containter props like `aria-label` along with the regular `IFluentIconsProps`

```tsx
import * as React from "react";
import * as ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import { AccessTime24Filled, wrapIcon } from "@fluentui/react-icons";

const iconStyleProps: IFluentIconsProps = {
    primaryFill: "purple",
    className: "iconClass"
};
const WrappedAccessTime24Filled = wrapIcon(<AccessTime24Filled />);
const rootElement = document.getElementById("root");
ReactDOM.render(
    <div>
        <AccessTime24Filled iconProps={...iconStyleProps}  />
        <WrappedAccessTime24Filled iconProps={...iconStyleProps} aria-label="AccessTime24"/>
    </div>, 
    rootElement
    )
```

Viewing the icons in a webpage
---
If you would like to view the icons in a webpage, navigate to the example folder in your terminal, and run any one of the following commands, followed by `npm run start`:

- `npm run create16`: lists all of the size 16 icons in the package
- `npm run create20`: lists all of the size 20 icons in the package
- `npm run create24`: lists all of the size 24 icons in the package
- `npm run create28`: lists all of the size 28 icons in the package
- `npm run create48`: lists all of the size 48 icons in the package
- `npm run createAll`: lists all of the icons in the package

## Appendix and FAQ

:::info
**Find this document incomplete?** Leave a comment!
:::

###### tags: `Templates` `Documentation`
